[[**CLINT**]{style="color: white"}]{style="background-color: black"}

[[**PLUMMER**]{style="color: white"}]{style="background-color: black"}

Engineering Manager

\
\

\
\

Who Am I?

Software engineering manager with over 10 years experience developing
for the web in a multitude of languages, highly collaborative with an
excellent understanding of development best practices throughout the
entire SDLC

Experience owning & crafting product / technical roadmaps collaborating
with both clients and technical stakeholders to many successful
deliveries.

Enjoys working closely with HR & Recruiting to hire and build high
performing agile teams of 6-12 people

5.5

Experience

4/2019 -- 4/2020\
Los Angeles, USA Engineering Manager GOAT

Lead, recruited & managed a team of 15 comprising of iOS (Swift) /
Android (Kotlin) / Backend Engineers (Ruby/Golang Microservices) both
co-located and remote, building a brand new yet unreleased app for GOAT

Worked with PM's and key stakeholders to execute & deliver utilizing a
combination of agile methodologies on an entirely new app & brand for
GOAT

6/2017 -- 7/2018\
Melbourne, Australia Solutions Architect Travelport Locomote

Pragmatically defined & owned the product technology roadmap and set
strategic direction to teams through deep collaboration with product
owners, engineers, QA & other stakeholders, roadmap artifact were
created in the form of user stories & through visual language eg. UML

Worked with HR and Recruiting to recruit staff & improve the hiring
process / pipeline

Championed key initiatives to increase release predictability &
reliability, reducing cycle time, reducing escaped defects through
collaboration with multiple facets of the business such as management,
support, sales & engineering

Selected and evangelized design patterns & processes to help scale the
architecture & organization with contribution to the organization's
wiki, lightning talks & mentoring resulting in improvements to the
organizations engineering conceptual integrity & reduced cycle time for
user stories

Orchestrated a zero downtime organization wide migration to Heroku
(PaaS) from Ansible/Chef managed infrastructure, this resulted in a
reduced operational overhead on the engineering team & direct cost
savings through a reduction in hosting costs.

Developed technical tools to aid in story visibility through the
development pipeline & defect tracking/resolutionÂ 

Maintained a suite of apps hosting in AWS using Config Management
(Ansible/Chef) & PaaS such as Elastic Beanstalk, Heroku and
containerization using Docker

Provided direction/planning to engineering teams and collaborated with
third party vendors in order to meet PCI / GDPR compliance

6/2014 -- 7/2017\
Melbourne, Australia Engineering Manager / Technical Product Owner
Travelport Locomote

Built, hired, mentored & lead scrum teams of 6-8 composing of
(Engineers, QA's and BA's) both domestically and remotely, worked
closely with HR & Recruiting both locally & abroad nurturing a much
lauded company culture that emphasized ownership and collective impact

Fostered continuous improvement and provided continuous feedback to
employee's with one on one's and frequent engagement

Facilitated growth of the company from 5 - 50 employee's through
formulation & articulation of the vision and goals to scrum teams via
story mapping sessions, five whys, kick off's, pair programming &
mentoring & improvements to documentation & processes

Orchestrated plans, prioritized resources and set the strategy for
on-boarding some of Australia's largest Banks & Universities

Forged and build relationships outside engineering in marketing and
support to ensure alignment

Crafted, evangelized and delivered on both the product strategy & the
technical roadmap utilizing a stack of Rails/node.js/Heroku/AWS

Identified key differentiators & opportunities through user & sales
feedback, backlog and competitor analysis within the market and crafted
user stories to guide & fortify the companies USP

Guided product decisions through empiricism primarily through the build,
measure lean feedback loop

Supported and collaborated with third parties through acquisition due
diligence resulting in a successful buy out

7/2012 -- 6/2014\
Melbourne, Australia Engineering Manager / Lead Backend Engineer
Travelport Locomote

Built, lead, supported & mentored scrum teams of 6-8 as a servant leader
both domestically and remotely to many successful deliveries utilizing a
stack of Rails/node.js/Heroku/AWS

On-boarded & Supported some of Australia's leading banks and
universities, leading to increased revenue/improved market perception

Collaborated and improved hiring, policies and processes for an
organization undergoing tremendous growth

Implemented/maintained best practice Continuous Integration/Continuous
Delivery/Test Automation & Deployment pipelines

3/2006 -- 5/2012\
Melbourne, Australia Senior / Lead Web Developer Alliance Software

Delivered E2E & supported over 20 projects with Rails/Zend Framework

Worked with recruiting for hiring and later to lead and mentor junior
software engineers

Fostered a spirit of continuous improvement within engineering

Helped build relationships with clients to ensure quality outcomes &
manage expectations

Built, managed and supported a custom CMS based on Zend Framework
architecture

Education

2001 -- 2004\
Melbourne, Australia Bachelor of Applied Science (Computing) Swinburne
University 1998\
Melbourne, Australia Bachelor's Degree Pembroke College
